error.email=Enter a valid email address.
error.email.optIn=As you would like to opt in, please enter an email address.
email.confirmation.emails.unequal=Check your email addresses - they don’t match.

sa_printing_preference.title=Sign up for Self Assessment email reminders

sa_printing_preference.title=Sign up for Self Assessment email reminders

sa_printing_preference.heading=Sign up for Self Assessment email reminders

sa_printing_preference.paragraph.1=Get emails reminding you when:

sa_printing_preference.list.1.item.1=Self Assessment tax returns are due
sa_printing_preference.list.1.item.2=Self Assessment payments are due
sa_printing_preference.list.1.item.3=Self Assessment penalties are due
sa_printing_preference.list.1.item.4=new Self Assessment tax statements are online

sa_printing_preference.heading.2=What you need to know

sa_printing_preference.paragraph.2=Your Self Assessment letters will stop and get replaced by emails.
sa_printing_preference.paragraph.3=The emails will ask you to sign in to your HMRC online account and check for updates.
sa_printing_preference.paragraph.4=They’re secure and will never include any information about your personal tax affairs.

sa_printing_preference.tc=By signing up for Self Assessment email reminders you accept the {0}.
sa_printing_preference.option.yes=Yes, I want them by email, don’t send them by post
sa_printing_preference.option.no=No, I don’t want them by email, continue sending them by post

sa_printing_preference.heading.3=Do you want to get Self Assessment reminders by email?

sa_printing_preference.tc.linkText=terms and conditions

sa_printing_preference.submitButton=Continue
sa_printing_preference.cancelButton=Continue to get letters
sa_printing_preference.opt_in_choice_required=Confirm if you want Self Assessment email reminders
sa_printing_preferences.confirm_correct_email.title=Check your email address
sa_printing_preferences.confirm_correct_email.paragraph.1=Are you sure {0} is correct?
sa_printing_preferences.confirm_correct_email.confirm=This email address is correct

sa_printing_preference_confirm.title=Your details - Verify your email address
sa_printing_preference_confirm.heading=Sign up for Self Assessment email reminders
sa_printing_preference_confirm.heading.2=Verify your email address
sa_printing_preference_confirm.paragraph.1=Verify your email address to complete the sign-up process.
sa_printing_preference_confirm.paragraph.2=You’ve been sent an email telling you how to do this.
sa_printing_preference_confirm.linkText=Go to your tax account

sa_printing_preference.verification.heading=Email address verified
sa_printing_preference.verification.heading.already=Email address already verified
sa_printing_preference.verification.paragraph.1=You’re now signed up for Self Assessment email reminders.
sa_printing_preference.verification.paragraph.2=Most of your reminders will now be sent by email.
sa_printing_preference.verification.action=Sign in to your HMRC online account.

bt.account.yourdetails=Your details
bt.account.stopreminders=Stop your email reminders

